(DOCSP-12992): document that inverse relationships can also be dynamic - JS (#2029)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/node/fundamentals/relationships-and-embedded-objects.txt

           :language: javascript
           :emphasize-lines: 5, 14, 23, 32-36

.. _node-inverse-relationship-dynamically:

Dynamically Obtain an Inversely Linked Object
`````````````````````````````````````````````
You can dynamically retrieve an object with an inverse relationship without
defining a ``linkingObjects`` type in its schema. Remove the
``linkingObjects`` type from your schema, so your schemas look like a standard
**to-many** relationship. When you need to retrieve the linked object, call the
:js-sdk:`Realm.Object.linkingObjects() <Realm.Object.html#linkingObjects>`

> query.

Reviewer: suggestion: "call the <X> query" doesn't tell me much about how the query actually works. Could we rephrase to something more descriptive -- perhaps "pass the linked object type to Realm.Object.linkingObjects()" or something along those lines?

.. example::
   
   In the following continuation from the inverse relationship example, we have removed the
   ``assignee`` field with type 'linkingObjects' from the Task schema. An application developer
   creates several users and task objects, and the application pushes the newly created tasks into a 
   user's task field. 
   

>    To find the user who owns a specific task object, the developer calls the
>    ``task.linkingObjects()`` method and passes the "User" class name and "tasks" field as parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To find the user who owns a specific task object, pass the "User" class name and
   "tasks" field to ``task.linkingObjects()`. 
```

Suggestion: cut down on some wordiness
